docs: misc docs changes (#2416)
AztecProtocol/aztec-packages: docs/docs/dev_docs/limitations/main.md

- Educational content;
- Core protocol improvements;

> ## Limitations that devs need to know about

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Limitations developers need to know about
```

> - It is a testing environment, it is insecure, unaudited and don't generate any proofs, its only for testing purposes;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It is a testing environment, it is insecure, unaudited and does not generate any proofs, its only for testing purposes;
```

> - Constructor can't call or alter public state

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Constructors can not call nor alter public state
```

>   - the constructor is completely executed in private domain, WITHOUT the ability to call public functions or alter public state. This means that to set initial storage values, you need to follow a pattern similar to proxies in Eth, where you `initialize` the contract with values after it have been deployed, see [constructor](../contracts/syntax/functions.md#constructor). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The constructor is executed exclusively in private domain, WITHOUT the ability to call public functions or alter public state. This means to set initial storage values, you need to follow a pattern similar to [proxies in Ethereum](https://blog.openzeppelin.com/proxy-patterns), where you `initialize` the contract with values after it have been deployed, see [constructor](../contracts/syntax/functions.md#constructor). 
```

> - No static or delegate calls (see [mutability](../contracts/syntax/functions.md#mutability)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- No static nor delegate calls (see [mutability](../contracts/syntax/functions.md#mutability)).
```

>   - there are values in the call-context, but they are not used. Beware that what you think of as a `view` could alter state ATM! Notable the account could alter state or re-enter whenever the account `is_valid` is called.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - There are unused values in the call-context. Beware that what you think of as a `view` could alter state ATM! Notably the account could alter state or re-enter whenever the account contract's `is_valid` function is called.
```

> - `msg_sender` is leaked when doing private -> public calls

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `msg_sender` is currently leaked when performing private -> public calls.
```

>   - There are unused values in the call-context. Beware that what you think of as a `view` could alter state ATM! Notably the account could alter state or re-enter whenever the account contract's `is_valid` function is called.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - These values are not used in the call-context. 
  
- Beware that what you think of as a `view` could alter state ATM! Notably the account could alter state or re-enter whenever the account contract's `is_valid` function is called.
```

>   - the `msg_sender` will always be set, so if you call a public function from the private world, the `msg_sender` will be set to the private caller's address 😱, see [function context](../contracts/syntax/context.mdx).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The `msg_sender` will always be set, if you call a public function from the private world, the `msg_sender` will be set to the private caller's address. See [function context](../contracts/syntax/context.mdx).
```
